hey today we have another great product
spotlight we're talking about bump stops
bump stops are a cool product so when
you lift your Jeep you need to put a new
bump stop song because the wheel could
stuff into the fender and cause you all
kinds of damage so these are cool
products these bump stops here are for
Jeeps
we have quite a variety here a lot of
different kinds so let's kind of go
through them for the Jeep Cherokee XJ we
have the front two inch a coil seat
mounts and we also have the three-inch
that also fit in the coil seat mount on
the bottom of the coil spring four we
also have the polyurethane that will fit
in the upper coil mount cup for a
smaller diameter newer Jeep Cherokee X
J's and then for the rear we have the
extended rear extended bump stops they
are 4.3 inches in height and that is the
ones we have for the Jeep Cherokee XJ
for those GJ Grand Cherokee we have the
two inch three inch and then for the
rear we have extensions made out of
aluminum and then for the 1999 to 2004
Jeep Grand Cherokee lwj we have the
front bump stop extensions these are
made out of aluminum and then we have
the rear bump
so finally for the Jeep Wrangler TJ we
have polyurethane front bump stops that
are extended they fit in the coil mount
cup and then for the rear we have bump
stop extensions that extend that rear
coil mount cup so protect your Jeep when
you lift it with these great bump stops
and thanks for watching hey thank you
for using broadcasting products stay
tuned for our secret location
hey so you saw the secret location hope
you guessed right go to our website
are you que se comm sign up for our
newsletter and win great prizes and hey
thanks for watching